The line graph shows the average cabon dioxide emissions per person from 1967 to 2007. Meanwhile, the carbon dioxide emissions of UK, Sweden, Italy and Portugal go up and down several times in past 40 years.
Overall, it is clear that the carbon dioxide emission of the UK and Sweden decrease gradually during 1967 to 2007, but the persentage of Italy and Portugal growth is fast.
Looking at the pie charts more closely, one can see that carbon dioxide emissions of the UK decline slowly between 1967 to 2007, the emissions of carbon dioxide fluctuate over the 40-years. Moreover, the emissions of carbon dioxide of Sweden go up exponentially between 1967 to 1977; however, the carbon dioxiode emissions of Sweden dip notably during 1977 to 1987, after that it fall insignificants. The carbon dioxide emissions of Italy soar sharply betweenn 1967 and 2007. Furthermore, an upward trend was seen in the emissions of Portugal. It is a common belief that reduce the number of times fly evey year is benefit for the development of  environment. However, there is a more persuasive argument that stop flying altogether could significant change the environment. 
On the one hand, the advantage of reducing the time of flying is could decrease the cost on transportation. The business owner didn't need to afford the fee of flying and could choose the other method to communicate with business partners. For example, an Asian businessman need to deal with an Amarican entrepreneur, they could choose to use the online meeting to instend of meeting physically. The preponderance of online meeting is obviously, it more free and flexiblely compare to bying flights. Moreover, about the environment-friendly; avoid to take a plane not only reduce the pollusion which might produce during the flying process, but also facilitate the protection awarness of business people.
 Nevertheless, the disadvantage of stopping flying altogether also could not ignore, it will increase the stress of business coversation. Cause two sides could not face to face communicate, the eyes intersection will decrease rapidly. It hard to show the concentrate of business dealing. The most serious situation is it will become the factor which cause the failture of business. Returning to the environmental issues, it's difficult to verify the behaviour like stopping flying mission could significant help environment become better.
To sum up, while it is appearent that reduce the total number of times flight every year or to stop flying altogether could enhance the quility of protecting the environment. The line graph shows the goods transported in UK between 1974 to 2002. 
Overall, the cargo volumes of the four different transportation methods have steadily increased over the past 28 years. 
Looking at the graph more close that the cargo volumes of road increase quickly from 1974 to 1978. However, an downward trend was seen during 1978 to 1982. After that, it gone up and down in in 20 years. The growth of water is significantly from 1978 to 1982. Nevertheless, a trend exhibite a trend that increase first then decrease during 1982 to 1998. The most crucial thing is that the corgo of water suddenly ascend during 1998 to 2002. On the other hand, the cargo volume of rail decrease steadily from 1974 to 1986. The remaining time shows a fluctuating trend. During the first eight years, the cargo volume of pipeline showed a stable upward trend, but there was almost no fluctuation from 1982 to 1990. There was a brief increase during the period from 1990 to 1994, and then it returned to the state it was in before 1990.
The line chart shows the quadrillion units of  U.S. energy consumption by fuel from 1980 to 2030. 
Overall, it is clear that all kinds of fuel fossil industry in America illustrate an upward trend between 1980 to 2030. 
Looking at the graph more closely, one can see that the percentage of Petrol and Oil locate a significant position during 50 years period. However, it also go up and down several times in 50 years. The growth of coal is slow from 1980 to 1990, but it increase gradually until 1995. After 1995, it's growth steadily. The quadrillion units of Natral Gas fluctuate over the 50 year period. There are some slight shifts of Solar and wind ennergy in the past 50 years, an insignificantly growth was seen in whole period. The Hydropower also vary consistently in the same time; however, the percentage of Hydropower stay constant between 2015 to 2030.It is true that the time of holiday for children is an important point for argument. For my personal perspective, there both advantages and disadvantages for students have a longer vacation time.

To begin with, a significant advantage of longer holiday is could facilitate the relationship between family members; moreover, it could also encourage students to develop their own hobbies and interest area. Parents have more time to communicate with their children. For example, parents could increase outside activities with children, not only facilitate the healthy of youth, but also create a oppotunities for communicate between family members. Return to the initial question, should school expand the time of holiday? I think the answer is obviously now.

On the other hand, a disadvantage also could not ignore of favour of shorter school holidays. Parents might warey about the quality of leaning and teaching in school. Howerver, the efficiency action plan could solve this type of questions rapidly. Furthermore, longer vocation might cause the attitude of students decline after rest, teachers should spend more time on educate the naughty people. The strain of managment will also increase. Nevertheless, longer vocation still need to be encouraged because it could also avoid well-being issue which might happen on teenagers.

All in all, the longer holiday is a dual-side in today's world, we can not avoid the peoblems and need to invest our passion to protect the environment of study. That also the reason why longer vacution could create a bigger value than stay school.